feat: Add hooks contract tests. (#200)
launchdarkly/sdk-test-harness: docs/service_spec.md

For tests that involve filtering, the test harness will set the `filter` property of the `streaming` or `polling` configuration
object. The property will either be omitted if no filter is requested, or a non-empty string if requested.

> ### Capability `"evaluation-hooks"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Capability `"evaluation-hooks"`
```

This means that the SDK has support for hooks and has the ability to register evaluation hooks.

For a test service to support hooks testing it must support a `test-hook`. The configuration will specify registering one or more `test-hooks`.

> A test hook must:

Reviewer: This section should potentially go in the "callbacks" section at the bottom of the doc

  - Implement the SDK hook interface.
  - Whenever an evaluation stage is called post information about that call to the `callbackUrl` of the hook.
    - The payload is an object with the following properties:
      * `evaluationSeriesContext` (object, optional): If an evaluation stage was executed, then this should be the associated context.
        * `flagKey` (string, required): The key of the flag being evaluated.
        * `context` (object, required): The evaluation context associated with the evaluation.
        * `defaultValue` (any): The default value for the evaluation.
        * `method` (string, required): The name of the evaluation emthod that was called.
      * `evaluationSeriesData` (object, optional): The EvaluationSeriesData passed to the stage during execution.

>       * `evaluationDetail` (object, optional): The details of the evaluation if executing an `afterEvaluation` stage.

Reviewer: Is `evaluationDetail` specifically an object with `value`, `variationIndex`, and `reason` properties? Let's document that.

Author: So, I am copying the level of detail from the place where it is defined for variation detail. Things are less optional, so that is fine. But it doesn't explain the content of reason. I don't think we need to either, because it would just be replicating our data model schema here.

>     - The payload is an object with the following properties:
>       * `evaluationHookContext` (object, optional): If an evaluation stage was executed, then this should be the associated context.
>         * `flagKey` (string, required): The key of the flag being evaluated.
>         * `context` (object, required): The evaluation context associated with the evaluation.
>         * `defaultValue` (any): The default value for the evaluation.
>         * `method` (string, required): The name of the evaluation emthod that was called.
>       * `evaluationHookData` (object, optional): The EvaluationHookData passed to the stage during execution.
>       * `evaluationDetail` (object, optional): The details of the evaluation if executing an `afterEvaluation` stage.
>       * `stage` (string, optional): If executing a stage, for example `beforeEvaluation`, this should be the stage.
>   - Return data from the stages as specified via the `data` configuration. For instance the return value from the `beforeEvaluation` hook should be `data['beforeEvaluation']` merged with the input data for the stage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The payload is an object with the following properties:
      * `evaluationSeriesContext` (object, optional): If an evaluation stage was executed, then this should be the associated context.
        * `flagKey` (string, required): The key of the flag being evaluated.
        * `context` (object, required): The evaluation context associated with the evaluation.
        * `defaultValue` (any): The default value for the evaluation.
        * `method` (string, required): The name of the evaluation emthod that was called.
      * `evaluationSeriesData` (object, optional): The EvaluationSeriesData passed to the stage during execution.
      * `evaluationDetail` (object, optional): The details of the evaluation if executing an `afterEvaluation` stage.
      * `stage` (string, optional): If executing a stage, for example `beforeEvaluation`, this should be the stage.
  - Return data from the stages as specified via the `data` configuration. For instance the return value from the `beforeEvaluation` hook should be `data['beforeEvaluation']` merged with the input data for the stage.
```

To be consistent with naming updates. Although, now that I am reading it here, perhaps Stage was the right word instead of series - the context/data applies to all elements of the series, but is seen (by the customer) in a single stage.
